
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        HTML that introduce meaning to the webpage.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        HyperText Markup Language.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute provides functionality to elements - put it to an HTML tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
       H1 is the most important headline in page - should be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
       anchor tag and img tag.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
       <html>
 
    7. What is an id? 
       A unique identification for an html element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
       1 time

    10. What is a class? 
        An attribute which specifies one or more class names for an html element.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        p, h1-h6

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
        Multiple times.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        By using target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        To provide alternative information.

    15. How do I reference an id?
        Id selector

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Section- the content inside is grouped 
        Div- defines a division

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Cascading Style Sheets.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        .h2

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        An id is used to identify an element while a class can be used to identify more than one element.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Select all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A selector that select element that are in a specific state.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        Line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform:uppercase
        text-transform:lowercase
        text-transform:capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and    
        black?
        border:1px dotted black

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * selector

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
         /*  */ 

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        git status

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        git rm       
        Once deleted, the file connot be recuperated

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        To be able to keep track of the changes in the codes.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        About every 20 minutes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
        git push.

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Create version of Repo
        Add TL as collaborator
        Clone Repo
        Create a branch
        Submit Repo into new branch
        TL will review


https://codepen.io/lydiecherilus/pen/zYYErvM?editors=1100